# BBG-Nematic-States
These are several python files used to calculate the order parameters in Bernal bilayer graphene (BBG) as displacement field and number density are varied. The file get_dispersion.py is used to calculate the single-particle band structure. In the file hartree_fock_solver.py is used to solve the self-consistent equations for the momentum dependent order parameters for a given displacement field and number density. The file solve_gap_equation.py initializes the relevant variables, and calls the two previous files to solve the order parameters of the system for many different parameters. However, this code relies on the get_trial_states.py to generate the relevant initial guesses to solve the self-consistent equations. Depending on the input parameters, the trial states may need to be tuned by hand, hence running them separately before the solve_gap_equation.py is called.

The Jupyter notebook Analyzing_BBG_Order_Parameters is then used to analyze the results from the previous code. Generally, these previous files were run on the Minnesota Supercomputing Institute (MSI) Agate cluster, then the results analyzed on a personal laptop. 

# Notes on experimental data
For comparison, I have included data originally reported in [Zhou et al., Science 375, 774–778 (2022)](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.abm8386). However, I have deleted all data that is not used in this analysis to reduce the file size. For the full data, please visit the article on Science website.
